Reuse of the previous comments (#28)
platisd/duplicate-code-detection-tool: README.md

        uses: platisd/duplicate-code-detection-tool@master
        with:
          github_token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}

>           # Leave the report as one comment
>           one_comment: true

Reviewer: I'd say move these lines to the end so they are not confused with `directories` which is a compulsory argument.

Also perhaps turn into:
```suggestion
          # Leave only one comment with the report and update it for consecutive runs
          one_comment: true
```

Author: And one more question about bool(only_code). Such a transformation can give true, if only_code is not an empty string.
Need to use one_code in ("true", "1").

Reviewer: Aha, perhaps and it was never found because people never write `one_comment: false`.
It was a contributed feature so I never tried it out myself. Please feel free to provide a PR that fixes it. :+1:
